so how to disassemble a derby engine
will have three on the call so there we take
17 pipe wrench for the side want
Allen key of 8
so I have near star greenhouses before
this plan serves one goes out other side in
sale to the engine here is it
after there is another axis below there
where class him 13 with an Allen key of 6
what is on the other side
here we go
so there's lake what's there to fill
in addition to engine and we pull our side
above
ok max media for hammer there he goes
come out on the other side we have a little
shame yesterday pop we put that there after you
have lak here and there so the wine city of
each side side by that we remove
to go out lax I tightened there and we
serve like that
the nut makes the rod of lax out
here after all and then the biker
decent but td little rag for that
you put frame there then after bah it's
good before removing the case of unplugging
well all the ignition circuit of
carbide cooling them except the
chain finally all what the next